you
the atlantic 10 conference has been
highly competitive this year with the
top team in the conference changing
spots on a weekly basis the conference
looks to have a pretty bright future
with some very talented freshmen coming
on board let's now take a look around
the a-10 with insider Christa Sano
rookies playing big let's go around the
a-10 and look at some elite freshmen
turning heads we begin in the city of
Cincinnati where deads Wells has become
the first Xavier freshman since romaine
Sato to start in his very first game for
the Musketeers he's continued his strong
play averaging a shade under 10 points
and 5 rebounds per game providing
stability at the small forward spot for
coach Chris Mack down at LaSalle dr.
John Giannini was very enthusiastic
about freshman jerel right before the
season began and the forward has proven
his coach in fact right with his play on
the floor this year averaging nine
points and leading the team in rebounds
at six per game in about 20 minutes of
play he's also made the most of his
opportunities shooting an efficient
percentage in the mid-50s down in the
other Queen City freshman p area henry
at charlotte has given quality minutes
on both ends of the floor in unselfish
pass-first point guard but a capable
scorer Henry frequently stuffs the stat
sheet for coach Allen major he's also
among the league leaders and steals at
just under 3 per game at Richmond five
foot eight hundred and forty pound
Kendall Anthony is an instant scoring
machine off the bench he leads the
spiders in that category and shoots
nearly 45-percent
for a team that lost its top two scorers
from a year ago Anthony's been a welcome
surprise for Chris moon down in Kingston
there are two freshmen playing
significant minutes and making their
presence felt Jonathan Holton and mike
powell mike powell leads the team in
assists while Jonathan Hope has been as
billed in arriving from Miami Florida a
three-time selection as atlantic-10
rookie of the week Bolton trails only
Kentucky's Anthony Davis nationwide in
double-doubles for freshman poulton
averages nearly a dozen points and a
team-leading eight rebounds per game for
coach Jim Baron with the on-the-job
training that both Powell and hoping
they've received in 2011-2012 the future
looks bright Kingston Krista Sano doc
sports thank you Chris let's hope that
the duo of Holton and Powell carry the
Rams to a lot of wins in the coming
years
you